# File2Image Encode

Takes any file and converts its binary data into hex and again into pixel values, creating an image representation of the file.
Pixel-Values are generated by taking 3 bytes (2 digits) of the hex string and concatenate them to a 6-digit hex value which represents a color. This color is then used to create a pixel in the image.

The encoded file starts with a header containing the original file name and the length of the original file. This information is used to decode the image back to the original file.

# Info

<b>This tool is for now just a fun project without any professional or scientific use-case or implementation</b> and was created because the firewall at work made me angry. However one can simply send any files through a firewall by encoding them into an image and then decoding them back to the original file. As the image looks just "broken" no one would suspect that it contains a file and it's not easy to detect like simply concatenating files into a png. You need at least python with the packages mentioned below to run this tool.

## Header Format

### Structure:
- **Filename**: Hexadecimal representation followed by `\n\r` (carriage return and line feed).
- **File Length**: Hexadecimal representation (UTF-8 encoded) followed by `\n\r` (carriage return and line feed).
- **File Content**: Hexadecimal representation padded with `\x00` to fill a perfect square.

### Example:
- **Filename**: `46696c656e616d65` (hex for "Filename") followed by `0a0d` (hex for `\n\r`)
- **File Length**: `313233` (hex for "123", UTF-8 encoded) followed by `0a0d` (hex for `\n\r`)
- **File Content**: Hex representation of the file content, padded with `00` to fill a perfect square.
- **Full Example**: `46696c656e616d650a0d3132330a0d` (hex for "Filename\n\r123\n\r")

# ideas

To prevent reading the "plain" encoded data i may add some kind of encryption.

# example

See examples folder for text-file and image-file examples.

# packages

- `Pillow` for image manipulation
- `tqdm` for progress bar
